# Azure-FTP
Study of Benefits and Issues in Migrating Traditional Application to Cloud 
Cloud computing has been a buzz word over the last decade - it sets up great potential benefits for enterprises who migrate their computing systems from local data centers to a Cloud environment. One major obstacle to enterprise adoption of Cloud technologies has been the lack of visibility into migration effort and price. Presently, there is very limited existing work in the literature. This project work improves our understanding of this topic by identifying critical indicators of Cloud migration effort. Taxonomy of migration tasks to the Cloud has been proposed, outlining possible migration tasks that any migration project to the Cloud may encounter. It enables Cloud practitioners to acquire an understanding of the specific tasks involved and its implication on the measure of effort involved.
Overall contribution is to throw light into Cloud migration and the tasks involved, which enables Cloud practitioners to gauge the quantity of effort needed for the migration of traditional systems into the Cloud. This leads towards the cost-benefit analysis of whether the benefits of the Cloud exceed the migration effort and other Cloud costs especially in the Microsoft Azure Cloud.
The cloud computing is developing rapidly since it offers on-demand computing power and capability. The power of cloud enables dynamic scalability of applications facing various business demands. Nevertheless, challenges arise when looking at the big quantity of existing applications. In this work propose to move the traditional FTP service to the cloud. Implement FTP service on Windows Azure Platform along with the auto-scaling cloud feature. Grounded on this, implement a benchmark to evaluate the functioning of our Azure FTP. Azure FTP, implemented in C#. This case study exemplifies the possible benefits and technological topics linked with the migration of the traditional applications to the clouds.
